The first column contains the name of the annotation data category.
The second column contains the number of genes in the reference list that map to this particular annotation data category.
The third column contains the number of genes in your uploaded list that map to this annotation data category.
The fourth column contains the expected value, which is the number of genes you would expect in your list for this category, based on the reference list.
The fifth column shows the Fold Enrichment of the genes observed in the uploaded list over the expected (number in your list divided by the expected number). If it is greater than 1, it indicates that the category is overrepresented in your experiment. Conversely, the category is underrepresented if it is less than 1.
The sixth column has either a + or -. A plus sign indicates over-representation of this category in your experiment: you observed more genes than expected based on the reference list (for this category, the number of genes in your list is greater than the expected value). Conversely, a negative sign indicates under-representation.
The seventh column is the raw p-value.
The eighth column is the False Discovery Rate.
 By default a critical value of 0.05 is used to filter results, so all results shown are valid for an overall FDR<0.05 even if the FDR for an individual comparison is greater than that value.

 I performed overrepresentation analysis with method Panther in terms of biological processes. The default value of false discovery rate of observation is set to < 0.05.

 When the results are ordered from highest to lowest false discovery rate (FDR) values, it is noted that the function with the highest chance of FDR is "regulation of catabolic process" with nine genes from the uploaded list mapping to this function out of the 956 genes in the reference list. This function has a Fold Enrichment of 3.29, indicating that it is overrepresented. According to AmiGO, this function is "Any process that modulates the frequency, rate, or extent of the chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the breakdown of substances." There are 23332 annotations for this function.

 The function with the lowest FDR is "response to hormone" which is defined as "any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a hormone stimulus." Twenty-three genes in the submitted list mapped to this specific function, out of 722 in the reference list. There are a total of 21726 annotations for this function. The fold Enrichment value for this function is 10.40, suggesting that it is likewise overrepresented. Indeed, all functions chosen with an FDR0.05 were significantly overrepresented. This might suggest that the proportion of observed genes in the uploaded list that are linked with certain pathways is always more than the predicted number of genes associated with those pathways when FDR values are less than 0.05.

 With a number more than 100, one of the functions with the greatest Fold Enrichment is "norepinephrine-epinephrine-mediated vasodilation involved in regulation of systemic arterial blood pressure." This value indicates that this function is most likely one of the most over-represented. There are two genes in the uploaded list that correspond to this function, out of the three genes in the reference list. This function is defined as "A process that results in an increase in the diameter of an artery during the norepinephrine-epinephrine response to blood pressure change."  It contains just 75 annotations. Contrary to the other two functions, which include large amounts of uncharacterized proteins, the majority of proteins encoded by the genes/products associated with this function have been characterized. This might suggest that this pathway has been much more well characterized and comprehended. 
